[('8e1cd6f1-4566-40e8-975e-8cf69b3ef613', 'This is a movie plot this movie is about a happy family who lives in the city'), ('7830cca5-69ed-4601-9b1e-fe3d2911a36b', 'Test movie plot this movie is about a fast train'), ('d28d2756-8f6b-429a-8c71-67efff0deecf', "In 2154, humans have depleted Earth's natural resources, leading to a severe energy crisis. The Resources Development Administration (RDA for short) mines for a valuable mineral — unobtanium — on Pandora, a densely forested habitable moon orbiting the gas giant Polyphemus in the Alpha Centauri star system.[11] Pandora, whose atmosphere is poisonous to humans, is inhabited by the Na'vi, a species of 10-foot tall (3.0 m), blue-skinned, sapient humanoids[35] that live in harmony with nature and worship a mother goddess named Eywa. To explore Pandora's biosphere, scientists use Na'vi-human hybrids called 'avatars', operated by genetically matched humans; Jake Sully, a paraplegic former Marine, replaces his deceased identical twin brother as an operator of one. Dr. Grace Augustine, head of the Avatar Program, considers Sully an inadequate replacement but accepts his assignment as a bodyguard. While protecting the avatars of Grace and fellow scientist Dr. Norm Spellman as they collect biological data, Jake's avatar is attacked by a thanator and flees into the forest, where he is rescued by Neytiri, a female Na'vi. Witnessing an auspicious sign, she takes him to her clan, whereupon Neytiri's mother Mo'at, the clan's spiritual leader, orders her daughter to initiate Jake into their society. Colonel Miles Quaritch, head of RDA's private security force, promises Jake that the company will restore his legs if he gathers information about the Na'vi and the clan's gathering place, a giant tree called Hometree,[36] which stands above the richest deposit of unobtanium in the area. When Grace learns of this, she transfers herself, Jake, and Norm to an outpost. Over the following three months, Jake grows to sympathize with the natives. After Jake is initiated into the tribe, he and Neytiri choose each other as mates, and soon afterward, Jake reveals his change of allegiance when he attempts to disable a bulldozer that threatens to destroy a sacred Na'vi site. When Quaritch shows a video recording of Jake's attack on the bulldozer to Administrator Parker Selfridge,[37] and another in which Jake admits that the Na'vi will never abandon Hometree, Selfridge orders Hometree destroyed. Despite Grace's argument that destroying Hometree could damage the biological neural network native to Pandora, Selfridge gives Jake and Grace one hour to convince the Na'vi to evacuate before commencing the attack. While trying to warn the Na'vi, Jake confesses to being a spy, and the Na'vi take him and Grace captive. Seeing this, Quaritch's men destroy Hometree, killing Neytiri's father (the clan chief) and many others. Mo'at frees Jake and Grace, but they are detached from their avatars and imprisoned by Quaritch's forces. Pilot Trudy Chacón, disgusted by Quaritch's brutality, frees Jake and Grace and airlifts them to Grace's outpost, but during the escape Quaritch fires at them, hitting Grace. To regain the Na'vi's trust, Jake connects his mind to that of Toruk, a dragon-like predator feared and honored by the Na'vi. Jake finds the refugees at the sacred Tree of Souls and pleads with Mo'at to heal Grace. The clan attempts to transfer Grace from her human body into her avatar with the aid of the Tree of Souls, but she dies before the process can be completed. Supported by the new chief Tsu'tey, Jake speaks to unite the clan and tells them to gather all of the clans to battle against the RDA. Noticing the impending gathering, Quaritch organizes a pre-emptive strike against the Tree of Souls, believing that its destruction will demoralize the natives. On the eve of battle, Jake prays to Eywa, via a neural connection with the Tree of Souls, to intercede on behalf of the Na'vi. During the subsequent battle, the Na'vi suffer heavy casualties, including Tsu'tey and Trudy; but are rescued when Pandoran wildlife unexpectedly join the attack and overwhelm the humans, which Neytiri interprets as Eywa's answer to Jake's prayer. Jake destroys a makeshift bomber before it can reach the Tree of Souls; Quaritch, wearing an AMP suit, escapes from his own damaged aircraft and breaks open the avatar link unit containing Jake's human body, exposing it to Pandora's poisonous atmosphere. Quaritch prepares to slit the throat of Jake's avatar, but Neytiri kills Quaritch and saves Jake from suffocation. With the exceptions of Jake, Norm and a select few others, all humans are expelled from Pandora and sent back to Earth, after which Jake is permanently transferred into his avatar with the aid of the Tree of Souls."), ('f8ecf0f1-f47e-4574-8f35-5a5b5e75bef8', "Genius, billionaire, playboy and philanthropist Tony Stark, who has inherited the defense contractor Stark Industries from his father, is in war-torn Afghanistan with his friend and military liaison Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes to demonstrate the new 'Jericho' missile. After the demonstration, the convoy is ambushed and Stark is critically wounded by one of his own company's rocket-propelled grenades, used by the attackers. He is captured and imprisoned in a cave by a terrorist group, the Ten Rings; Yinsen, a fellow captive who is a doctor, implants an electromagnet into Stark's chest to keep the shrapnel shards that wounded him from reaching his heart and killing him. Ten Rings leader Raza offers Stark freedom in exchange for building a Jericho missile for the group, but Tony and Yinsen know that Raza will not keep his word. Stark and Yinsen secretly build a small, powerful electric generator called an arc reactor to power Stark's electromagnet and a prototypical suit of powered armor to aid in their escape. Although they keep the suit hidden almost to completion, the Ten Rings discover their hostages' intentions and attack the workshop. Yinsen sacrifices himself to divert them while the suit is completed. The armored Stark battles his way out of the cave to find the dying Yinsen, then burns the Ten Rings' weapons in anger and flies away, crashing in the desert and destroying the suit in the process. After being rescued by Rhodes, Stark returns home and announces that his company will no longer manufacture weapons. Obadiah Stane, his father's old partner and the company's manager, advises Stark that this may ruin Stark Industries and his father's legacy. In his home workshop, Stark builds a sleeker, more powerful version of his improvised armor suit as well as a more powerful arc reactor for his chest. Personal assistant Pepper Potts places the original reactor inside a small glass showcase. Though Stane requests details, Stark keeps his work to himself because he is suspicious of his company. At a charity event held by Stark Industries, reporter Christine Everhart informs Stark that his company's weapons, including the Jericho, were recently delivered to the Ten Rings and are being used to attack Yinsen's home village, Gulmira. Stark then learns that Stane has been arms trafficking to criminals worldwide, and is staging a coup to replace him as Stark Industries' CEO. Stark dons his new armor and flies to Afghanistan, where he saves the villagers. While flying home, Stark is shot at by two F-22 Raptor fighter jets. He reveals his secret identity to Rhodes over the phone in an attempt to end the attack. Meanwhile, the Ten Rings gather the pieces of Stark's prototype suit and meet with Stane, who subdues Raza and has the rest of the group killed. Stane has a massive new suit reverse engineered from the wreckage. Seeking to track his company's illegal shipments, Stark sends Potts to hack into its database. She discovers that Stane hired the Ten Rings to kill Stark, but the group reneged. Potts meets with Agent Phil Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D., an intelligence agency, to inform him of Stane's activities. Stane's scientists cannot duplicate Stark's miniaturized arc reactor, so Stane ambushes Stark at his home and takes the one from his chest. Stark manages to get to his original reactor to replace it. Potts and several S.H.I.E.L.D. agents attempt to arrest Stane, but he dons his suit and attacks them. Stark fights Stane, but is outmatched without his new reactor to run his suit at full capacity. The fight carries Stark and Stane to the top of the Stark Industries building, and Stark instructs Potts to overload the large arc reactor powering the building. This unleashes a massive electrical surge that causes Stane and his armor to fall into the exploding reactor, killing him. The next day, at a press conference, Stark defies suggestions from S.H.I.E.L.D. and publicly admits to being the superhero the press has dubbed 'Iron Man'. In a post-credits scene, S.H.I.E.L.D. Director Nick Fury visits Stark at home, telling him that Iron Man is not 'the only superhero in the world', and explaining that he wants to discuss the 'Avenger Initiative'."), ('8380f8a1-c67b-4b78-8946-342fb3bc63da', "While moving an Allegheny and West Virginia Railroad (AWVR) train, pulled by lead locomotive #777, at a trainyard in Pennsylvania, yard hostlers Dewey and Gilleece incompetently allow the train to leave the rail yard on its own power with no one onboard. Initially believing the train is coasting, yardmaster Connie Hooper orders Dewey, Gilleece, and welder Ned Oldham to drive and catch up to the train. When the train has already passed where it was supposed to be, they realize it is running on full power. Hooper alerts Oscar Galvin, VP of Train Operations, and instructs local and state police to block all level crossings. Federal Railroad Administration inspector Scott Werner, by chance visiting Hopper’s yard, warns that eight of the 39 cars contain highly toxic and flammable molten phenol, which would cause a major disaster if the train should derail in a populated area. News of the runaway soon draws ongoing media coverage. Hooper suggests they purposely derail the train while passing through unpopulated farmland. Galvin dismisses her opinion, believes he can save the company money by lashing the train behind two locomotives helmed by engineer Judd Stewart, slowing it down enough for employee and former U.S. Marine Ryan Scott to descend via helicopter to the control cab of 777. During the risky procedure, Scott is knocked unconscious when slammed into the train. An attempt to divert 777 to a siding fails when Stewart is unable to slow down 777 sufficiently, killing Stewart when he derails, while 777 continues down the main line. Realizing that 777 will certainly derail on the Stanton Curve, a tight, elevated portion of track in heavily populated Stanton, plans are finally made to purposely derail the train, outside a small town. Veteran AWVR engineer Frank Barnes and conductor Will Colson, a new hire looking to turn his life around after an incident with his now estranged wife, are pulling several cars with locomotive #1206. They are suddenly ordered to pull into a Repair-In-Place track, making it just in time as 777 races by and clips their last two cars. Barnes observes that the last car on 777 has an open coupler, which means that if they could catch up to the train, they could couple their engine and use their own brakes before it reaches the Stanton curve. Colson unhitches 1206 from their own cars, while Barnes reports his plan to Hooper and Galvin and warns that the derailing idea will not work given 777's momentum. Galvin threatens to fire Barnes, who responds that AWVR has already given him a forced half-benefits early retirement notice. As 777 approaches the portable derailers, police first attempt to shoot the fuel shutoff switch on the engine, but are unsuccessful. As Barnes predicts, the train barrels through the derailers without harm. Hooper and Werner fully support Barnes' plan and take over control of the situation from Galvin. Barnes and Colson catch up to 777 and attempt to engage the coupler. When the locking pin will not engage, Colson kicks it into place, but gets his right foot crushed in the process. Colson hobbles to 1206's cab, where he works the dynamic brakes and throttle while Barnes dangerously works his way across 777’s cars, manually engaging the brakes on each car. They are barely able to reduce the speed enough to clear the Stanton Curve, with some cars tipping but righting themselves. With 1206's brakes failing and 777 still out of control, Barnes finds his path blocked to 777's cab. Oldham arrives in his truck with a police escort and drives on a road parallel to the tracks. Colson jumps to Oldham's truck, and Oldham drives him to the front of 777, where Colson leaps onto the locomotive and engage the brakes, ending the situation. Barnes, Colson, and Oldham are heralded as heroes. Barnes retires with full benefits, Colson reunites with his wife, Hooper is promoted to Galvin's VP position, Scott recovers from his injuries, and Dewey is now working at a fast food restaurant."), ('2e1f7a0e-1261-4581-97c5-a177163c8218', "A man runs through a forest carrying something. A nearly deserted train pulls into a station and two conductors get out, take a stretch, and kill time as no one seems to board. Just as the train is about to depart, the running man calls out, runs to the train and seems to want to board. He does not speak and, assuming that perhaps he does not know English, the conductors let him on with the intention of getting his money later. He joins two of the only five passengers who appear to be on the train at that point. One of the passengers, an inebriated salesman named Pete (Steve Zahn), offers the man a drink. Downing a mouthful of pills, the man washes them down with the vodka. Soon after the man dies as a result of ingesting Seconal, combined with alcohol, which causes his heart and lungs to stop working. Upon this discovery, Pete and another passenger, med student Chloe (Leelee Sobieski), locate the head conductor Miles (Danny Glover) and alert him to what has happened. Miles intends to call the authorities at the next stop, but Pete discovers a mysterious object in the box the dead man was carrying and, peering inside, is intrigued. Chloe also looks inside the object and both, immediately convinced that there is a liberating fortune inside, scheme for ways to keep it. They suggest the idea to Miles, who tells them they're crazy, and takes the object and the box it was in back to his office purportedly to keep it safe and call the authorities, but he too peers inside and his will is overcome. With a crazed Chloe taking the lead, the three decide to dispose of the man's body and keep the treasure for themselves. Their only problems now are keeping anyone else from finding out, warding off the other suspicious passengers as well as the other conductor and keeping a close eye on one another, as paranoia takes hold and the box's influence continues to do its work. Eventually it is revealed that the box contains a supernatural force of some kind, and that whoever looks into it sees what would tempt them the most, dooming them to corruption and death before dawn. The last survivor, Miles, lives only long enough to attempt to destroy the device by placing it in the path of an oncoming train, but dies just after seeing it nudged off the tracks by a curious dog. Ultimately, a random toddler-age child wandering alone, in the middle of nowhere, miles from any city, town or train station, picks up the box, looks inside, and smiles.")]